[Music]
so my breads gone out of date so instead
I'm having an avocado on rice crackers
because I'm really feeling like avocado
this morning
hello it's Ruby and today I'm going to
be filming a productive day in my life
at universities so I've had a shower
I've got dressed as you can see now I'm
about to get started with what obviously
one thing I need to do is make myself a
mug of tea
so I've already had a hot water and
lemon and now I'm going to have some
actual tea and the tea I'm going to have
today this one which I got for three
pound fifty because it was on sale this
one is toffee apple and it genuinely
smells like toffee apple
[Music]
you
so you might be able to notice that I
was just using an iPad to do my reading
on which I don't usually do and that is
because I only just got the iPad I got
it
two days before I was filming this and
I've literally been using it for all of
my work since I actually bought this
I've had using uni days because if you
have a uni days account you can get 10%
off your purchase and iPads are quite
big things I mean they're quite
expensive especially for students and so
that 10% off really does make a
difference
so if you aren't already aware and I'm
pretty sure you probably are but you
need A's is a free service that you can
sign up to if you're over the age of 16
and a student so all you need is some
sort of student ID or student email
address and then you can make an account
and you can basically get discounts from
loads of different shops so you can get
discounts from Apple as you just saw uni
days is just so useful I've been using
it ever since I have been able to use it
so I've had the app downloaded since
2016 when I was 16 and so I'm so happy
to be working with uni days for kids
it's a service that I genuinely love and
have been using for a long time so I'm
so glad to be representing them and
speaking to you about it I will leave
details linked down below on how you can
sign up for an account with uni days I
definitely recommend it I mean if you
are a student you might as well get an
account because you are going to save
money and in the long run you do end up
saving a lot of money I mean not just on
educational items but on clothes you can
get some food you can get beauty product
there are just so many different things
that you need A's will offer you a
discount on and so I definitely
recommend taking a look at that link in
the description box
[Music]
you
banana is literally my favorite food for
a blast of study Angie
you
so today I'm going to go to this blast
energy workout at the Sports Park here
so it's like a gym on site and I've
never done something like this before
but I want to try and get exercise
everyday feel like I don't get enough
exercise and I really want to change
that this this academic year I've got
about an hour I'd say maybe kind of
fifty minutes before I'm gonna have to
leave so I'm gonna just look through my
to do this and see if there's anything
else that I want to complete before I go
to that look at that rain oh it's so
stunning
[Music]
it's currently half 11:00 this class
starts at 12 I'm still not sure where I
want to go though because I think we're
gonna massively embarrass myself now I'm
going to get my sports stuff packed up
and then I'll continue with my to do
this just because then everything's
ready and I can just go if I ever run on
anything that definitely needs cleaning
look at that yeah
[Music]
let's go do my hair in the bathroom
actually because it's easier to use a
mirror
[Music]
you
um I should probably actually get into
my sports stuff too because then I'll be
easier when I get there oh I'm actually
kind of nervous about this because I've
never done something like this in
everyone else is gonna be really really
fit or any good at and I'm gonna be
really struggling to do it when do you
want pushup and it's gonna be so
embarrassing anxiety has just suddenly
splurged on to you okay
one quick thing which I do want to do is
just show you my outfit of the day
because I always get so many requests to
do this whenever I vlog so might as well
just answer all of the questions now and
show you I am wearing this shirt which
is from Jack Wills
Brown cardigan which is from Agnes B and
then my skirt with these beautiful cats
on it as you can see is from Miss patina
green hats do not really work under high
ponytails I'm gonna tell you that now so
when I'm walking up to me in campus I
like to listen to you a podcast through
my headphones just because I really love
doing this it just music
when I'm listening to you is from in our
times Dietrich Bonhoeffer
is my favorite theologian and it's on
him and so when my RS teacher saw it he
let me know and I'm really enjoying
listening to it
okay say I don't think I'm actually
going to go for what I was going to a4
before and I've changed my mind
okay all done and for some reason it
looks like I'm wearing glasses this bit
of my nose is so red I I feel kind of
good at the same time I'm so tired my
legs feel like jelly because I may need
it like like things like cross-trainer
and things
[Music]
so I'm walking back from the workshop
now and I've got to say that today is
pretty much a paradigm of autumn it's
absolutely stunning
this is why autumn is my favorite season
the next thing that I'm gonna do I've
just watched a YouTube video whilst I
was eating lunch and I'm not gonna wash
up right now I'm going to edit my very
final University blog and upload that
then I will check back in with my to-do
list I've got two hours till my next
lecture
[Music]
okay I have just posted look this is my
final University vlog I'm actually so
happy with this thumbnail - I decided to
use my iPad for this and I love the way
that the cozy looks that's definitely my
favorite the 11th of October
I'm literally nearly two weeks late
posting this so this was basically two
weeks ago I've got to say I am so glad
that all of these vlogs are up now it's
just quite a lot to have so much there
like all the time always having the
camera with you I'm glad that these are
done so it took me quite a while to do
that I've got an hour till my workshop
starts but I want to head over with a
little bit of time to spare I can tick
that one off okay so I'm going to do
this and then I'm going to do this okay
so I just spent a good 15 minutes film
name and then the clip got corrupted as
I try to upload it to my computer so
I've got hurry film this kind of thing
happened so much it just wastes so much
time
my room in a massive safe but I'm gonna
be late for my lecture if I don't leave
right now I love you I hope you like
hello so we've just come out from the
Harry Potter Society board games and tea
it's nine o'clock but we're both
exhausted
yeah we're party animals that's us
and we've also just been to the
marketplace say that I could buy food
but that's that's very good I always
done more than more than she does I have
no money because I'm a post-grad student
and tuition is expected way more
expensive
[Music]
where my vegetables looking delicious
whatever okay dinner I'm washing up is
done and now I know it's late but as a
piece of dessert I am going to have some
of this which doesn't look too
appetizing so this is homemade vegan
fudge I'm just gonna have a little bit
of this because it tastes amazing I'm
definitely making this again okay so
thank you so much for watching this
video thank you again a massive thank
you to uni date for sponsoring this
video you definitely have to go and have
a look at what you need A's offers